HYSTERIA (1987)
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ OUT OF TOUCH, ♪
♪ OUT OF REACH,
YEAH ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ YOU COULD TRY TO
GET CLOSER TO ME ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I'M IN LUCK, I'M IN
DEEP, ♪
♪ YEAH
HYPNOTIZED, ♪
♪ I'M SHAKIN' TO MY
KNEES ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ I GOTTA KNOW TONIGHT
IF YOU'RE ALONE
TONIGHT ♪
♪ CAN'T STOP THIS
FEELING ♪
FIGHT ♪
♪ OH, I GET
HYSTERICAL, ♪
♪ HYSTERIA ♪
♪ OH CAN YOU
FEEL IT, ♪
♪ DO YOU BELIEVE IT? ♪
♪ IT'S SUCH A MAGICAL
MYSTERIA ♪
♪ WHEN YOU GET THAT
FEELIN', ♪
♪ BETTER START
BELIEVIN' ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S A
MIRACLE, ♪
♪ OH SAY YOU
WILL, ♪
♪ OOH BABE
HYSTERIA WHEN
YOU'RE NEAR ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ l
♪ OUT OF ME, INTO
YOU ♪
♪ YEAH ♪
♪ YOU COULD HIDE IT'S
JUST A ONE WAY STREET ♪
♪ OH, I BELIEVE I'M IN YOU,
YEAH ♪
♪ OPEN WIDE, THAT'S
RIGHT, ♪
♪ DREAM ME OFF MY
FEET ♪
♪ OH, BELIEVE IN ME I GOTTA
KNOW TONIGHT IF YOU'RE
ALONE TONIGHT ♪
♪ CAN'T STOP THIS
FEELING ♪
FIRE ♪
♪ OH, I GET
HYSTERICAL, ♪
♪ HYSTERIA OH CAN YOU FEEL
IT, ♪
♪ DO YOU BELIEVE
IT? ♪
♪ IT'S SUCH A MAGICAL
MYSTERIA ♪
♪ WHEN YOU
GET THAT
FEELIN', ♪
♪ BETTER START
BELIEVIN' ♪
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S A
MIRACLE, ♪
♪ OH SAY YOU
WILL ♪
♪ OOH
BABE ♪
♪ HYSTERIA WHEN YOU'RE
NEAR ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ I GOTTA KNOW
TONIGHT ♪
♪ IF YOU'RE ALONE
♪ CAN'T STOP THIS
FEELING ♪
FIRE ♪
♪ OH, I GET
HYSTERICAL, ♪
♪ HYSTERIA ♪
♪ OH CAN YOU FEEL
IT, ♪
♪ DO YOU BELIEVE
IT? ♪
♪ IT'S SUCH A MAGICAL
MYSTERIA ♪
♪ WHEN YOU GET THAT
FEELIN', ♪
♪ BETTER START
BELIEVIN'♪
♪ 'CAUSE IT'S A
MIRACLE, ♪
♪ OH SAY YOU WILL, ♪
♪ OOH BABE ♪
♪ OH CAN YOU FEEL IT, ♪
♪ OOH BABE WHEN YOU'RE NEAR ♪
♪ OH, I GET HYSTERICAL, ♪
♪ HYSTERICAL, HYSTERIA,
HYSTERIA ♪
♪ OH CAN YOU FEEL IT, ♪
♪ YOU BETTER BELIEVE
IT, ♪
♪ START BELIVIN' ♪
♪ GOOD IT'S A
MIRACLE ♪
♪ OH SAY YOU WILL, ♪
♪ OH BABE SAY YOU
WILL ♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪
♪ GET CLOSER TO ME, ♪
♪ GET CLOSER BABY BABY, ♪
♪ CLOSER, (CLOSER) ♪
♪ GET CLOSER ♪
♪ (GET CLOSER), ♪
♪ CLOSER TO ME
♪
♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪